you
paranormal activity nigga jump inside
and I'll own the time work hustling crap
nig another little dinner logic in the
guy and said oh another bracket nigga
get no water tight dalliance Allen on
their mission to 950 rebels in the lung
a second cellar Twitter vistas ever
represent ones in lisanna get your buddy
mr. Nagus in them battling to finish it
read about a baby I'm Kelly killer than
the number dead the Mogao to get it that
they come to eat your brownie cookies or
the jealous happen oh I did I ain't
nobody fucking hearing you yeah go sleep
spit my Danny doctor knows it no shit
fee occasion mr. gonzo
who the fuck think fucker don't you know
I'm Loco
well daughter sleep
paranormal activity he got jumped inside
you're not working around the clock
my gym pure tickity your mind I need
correcting 1990 the bigotry now help I'm
gonna zoom got nigga thought in the EKG
grip young joke come on II sang and
danced on a mountain no the opening box
did I not bad idea to go up broke I said
sir yawning but not a shitty about it so
I can talk to you but I got to go take
care of your family hi now red pine and
don't stop no a navigation Joe ketone
and an endo Chuck I mean elliegator nun
and Goldie Thailand oh my fam not a
bunch I'm saying nothing song fly high
booty G nigga cheese smoking like
nicotine who your father she would cheat
nobody gives a shit about your LAN Xang
so I eat them rappers alive til I'm the
last man go bro go to sleep yup
yo y'all Paranormal Activity is free on
the fucking beat and belen schooler cuz
you know one strong emergency Herald and
rapper the de ja man just go to sleep
for nah man I know none just a month on
my gravity toki Louie beast on on the
melody all day all night
kicking rhymes like it's penalty noise
when they're better Congo name again and
penny gee no got a got a tidal near chin
infinity cows mooing but y'all I'm Jim
there we autumn not call them dumb or
call them else on the replica cotton egg
I thought on you dread an egg I come on
you in the model Muhsin auto trigger a
BL Tony now got butter on no got
challenge in gun on annoyed wanna shout
no got your daily gushing down and sang
I taught you my highlight killing and we
grind you know we don't stop I so hard
your stream in head to the casket route
go to sleep go go go gonna sling y'all
go go go to sleep
bill TJ what you enjoy Nick over fucking
sleep